[bnb] Minor modifications (#18631)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/perf_train_gpu_one.mdx

- [Torchdynamo installation](https://github.com/pytorch/torchdynamo#requirements-and-setup)  
- [Functorch installation](https://github.com/pytorch/functorch#install)  
- [Torch-TensorRT(FX) installation](https://github.com/pytorch/TensorRT/blob/master/docsrc/tutorials/getting_started_with_fx_path.rst#installation)  

## `bitsandbytes` integration for Int8 mixed-precision matrix decomposition

From the paper `LLM.int8() : 8-bit Matrix Multiplication for Transformers at Scale`, we suport HuggingFace 🤗  integration for all models in the Hub with few lines of code. 
For models trained in  half-precision (aka, either `float16` or `bfloat16`) or full precision. This method aims to reduce `nn.Linear` size by 2 (if trained in half precision) or by 4 if trained in full precision, without affecting too much quality by operating on the outliers in half-precision.

> This technique is useful and works well for billion scale models (>1B parameters) therefore we advice you to use it only for models of that scale. This method has been tested for 2-billion to 176-billion scale models and supports only PyTorch models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To benefit from this technique you'd want to use it only for models that are larger than 2 Billion parameters. This method has been validated to work well from 2 to 176-billion parameter models. Only PyTorch models are supported. 
```

![HFxbitsandbytes.png](https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1659861207959-62441d1d9fdefb55a0b7d12c.png)

> Int8 mixed-precision matrix decomposition works by separating a matrix multiplication into two streams: (1) and systematic feature outlier stream matrix multiplied in fp16 (0.01%), (2) a regular stream of int8 matrix multiplication (99.9%). With this method, int8 inference with no predictive degradation is possible for very large models (>=176B parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Int8 mixed-precision matrix decomposition works by separating a matrix multiplication into two streams: (1) a systematic feature outlier stream matrix multiplied in fp16 (0.01%), (2) a regular stream of int8 matrix multiplication (99.9%). With this method, int8 inference with no predictive degradation is possible for very large models (>=176B parameters).
```

Reviewer: but you said 2B a few paras up. now it's only `>=176B`?

Author: ```suggestion
Int8 mixed-precision matrix decomposition works by separating a matrix multiplication into two streams: (1) a systematic feature outlier stream matrix multiplied in fp16 (0.01%), (2) a regular stream of int8 matrix multiplication (99.9%). With this method, int8 inference with no predictive degradation is possible for very large models (>=6B parameters).
```

For more details regarding the method, check out the [paper](https://huggingface.co/blog/hf-bitsandbytes-integration) or our [blogpost about the integration](https://huggingface.co/blog/hf-bitsandbytes-integration).

![MixedInt8.gif](https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1660567469965-62441d1d9fdefb55a0b7d12c.gif)

> Note that you would require a GPU to run mixed-8bit models as the kernels has been compiled for GPUs only. Make sure that you have enough GPU RAM to store the quarter (or half if your model is natively in half precision) of the model before using this feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that you would require a GPU to run mixed-8bit models as the kernels have been compiled for GPUs only. Make sure that you have enough GPU memory to store the quarter (or half if your model weights are in half precision) of the model before using this feature. 
```

Below are some notes to help you use this module, or follow the demos on [Google colab](#colab-demos).

### Requirements

- Make sure you run that on a NVIDIA GPU that supports 8-bit tensor cores (Turing or Ampere GPUs - e.g. T4, RTX20s RTX30s, A40-A100). Note that previous generations of NVIDIA GPUs do not support 8-bit tensor cores.

> - Install the correct version of `bitsandbytes` by running:

Author: Yes. There is a minimal required version indeed. Let me update it below

`pip install bitsandbytes`

> - Install `accelerate`:

Author: ```suggestion
- Install `accelerate>=0.12.0`:
```

- [Torchdynamo installation](https://github.com/pytorch/torchdynamo#requirements-and-setup)  
- [Functorch installation](https://github.com/pytorch/functorch#install)  
- [Torch-TensorRT(FX) installation](https://github.com/pytorch/TensorRT/blob/master/docsrc/tutorials/getting_started_with_fx_path.rst#installation)  

## `bitsandbytes` integration for Int8 mixed-precision matrix decomposition

From the paper [`LLM.int8() : 8-bit Matrix Multiplication for Transformers at Scale`](https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.07339), we support HuggingFace integration for all models in the Hub with a few lines of code. 
The method reduce `nn.Linear` size by 2 `float16` or `bfloat16` weights for and by 4 for `float32` weights, with close to no impact to impact to the quality by operating on the outliers in half-precision.
To benefit from this technique you'd want to use it only for models that are larger than 2 Billion parameters. This method has been validated to work well from 2 to 176-billion parameter models. Only PyTorch models are supported. 

![HFxbitsandbytes.png](https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1659861207959-62441d1d9fdefb55a0b7d12c.png)

> Int8 mixed-precision matrix decomposition works by separating a matrix multiplication into two streams: (1) a systematic feature outlier stream matrix multiplied in fp16 (0.01%), (2) a regular stream of int8 matrix multiplication (99.9%). With this method, int8 inference with no predictive degradation is possible for very large models (>=6B parameters).

Author: Thanks for pointing out the inconsistency. Actually I wrote this sentence a while ago when there were some bugs for small models on `bitsanbytes`. Now it should work for all models (see the figure 1 on the paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.07339). I have just removed any reference for large models in 65ec377342d3be2906caf20f9a4ac9f9f56b0059

> For more details regarding the method, check out the [paper](https://huggingface.co/blog/hf-bitsandbytes-integration) or our [blogpost about the integration](https://huggingface.co/blog/hf-bitsandbytes-integration).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details regarding the method, check out the [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.07339) or our [blogpost about the integration](https://huggingface.co/blog/hf-bitsandbytes-integration).
```

![MixedInt8.gif](https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1660567469965-62441d1d9fdefb55a0b7d12c.gif)

Note, that you would require a GPU to run mixed-8bit models as the kernels have been compiled for GPUs only. Make sure that you have enough GPU memory to store the quarter (or half if your model weights are in half precision) of the model before using this feature. 
Below are some notes to help you use this module, or follow the demos on [Google colab](#colab-demos).

### Requirements

- Make sure you run that on a NVIDIA GPU that supports 8-bit tensor cores (Turing or Ampere GPUs - e.g. T4, RTX20s RTX30s, A40-A100). Note that previous generations of NVIDIA GPUs do not support 8-bit tensor cores.
- Install the correct version of `bitsandbytes` by running:

> `pip install bitsandbytes`

Author: ```suggestion
`pip install bitsandbytes>=0.31.5`
```
